=begin rdoc
This repo holds the class example that demonstrates Active record associations by adding the ability to add movie reviews to Rotten Potatoes.  The example is very
rudamentary and doesn't implement all of the validations and other features that one would want in production code.
Also, the exmple does not provide any way to view reviews once they have been added so you will have to use Rails Console or some other means to verify that reviews have actually been properly added to the database.

Before running the app, be sure to do the following commands:

bundle install

rake db:create

rake db:migrate

rake db:seed

Now you are ready to try out the app.  Enter the following
command to start the rails server:

rails server -p $PORT -b $IP

(If you are running the app in an environment other than our class CLoud9 workspace,
the command for starting the rails server might be slightly different)

After the server has started, you should see a small window that says:

"Your code is running at <some URL ending in C9>"

You can either click on the URL to open a small browser within Cloud9, or
type the supplied URL into your favorite browser.

In either case, the browser should be directed to a rails "Welcome Aboard" page.
Add:

"/movies"  (without the quotes) 

to the end of the URL and the browser should
display the Rotten Potatoes homepage--i.e. the one that shows a table of all the
movies.

When you are done using the app, you can kill the rails server by typing:

Ctrl-c

Have fun.

=end
